RHIDP-2181: Modularize content - OCP Deployment using Operator (#203)
redhat-developer/red-hat-developers-documentation-rhdh: installation/proc-install-rhdh-custom-backstage-image.adoc

[id="proc-install-rhdh-custom-backstage-image_{context}"]
= Installing {product} using a custom Backstage image

You can install a {product} instance that uses a custom Backstage image in one of the following ways:

* Use the *Form view* and enter the image in *application* -> *image*

> * Use the *YAML view* to enter the image directly in the Backstage Custom Resource specification, as follows:
> [source,yaml]
> ----
> spec:
>   application:
>        image: <your custom image>
> ----

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Use the *YAML view* to enter the image directly in the Backstage custom resource specification, as shown in the following example:
+
[source,yaml]
----
spec:
  application:
       image: <your custom image>
----
```

suggested edit for clarity and formatting

> [WARNING]
> Installing a {product} application with a custom Backstage image might pose security risks to your organization. It is your responsibility to ensure that the image is from trusted sources and that it has been tested and validated for security compliance. {company-name} only supports the images shipped within the {product} Operator.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[WARNING]
====
Installing a {product} application with a custom Backstage image might pose security risks to your organization. It is your responsibility to ensure that the image is from trusted sources and that it has been tested and validated for security compliance. {company-name} only supports the images shipped within the {product} Operator.
====
```
